FRANK:
Previously on Hardy Boys...
- You'll have the boy at 8:00.
- Burelli knows the Shadow Man.
She's gonna give him Dennis.
BIFF: You wanna heist Dennis?
[beep]
JOE: We're not gonna heist him.
We're gonna hide him.
Dennis will be safe in the hospital,
just not in his room.
♪
DR. BURELLI: He's gone.
SHADOW MAN: We had a deal.
[tires squealing]
- So, you've been working for
Stratemeyer Global this entire time?
- I'm a senior operative
with the Department of Special Affairs.
Angela doesn't know,
so I had to keep up the front,
but I'm a whistle-blower.
Now, get outta here.
JOE: I'm trying to contact JB.
BIFF: Why?
JOE:
We need to get The Eye out of Frank.
BRIAN: Using the relic
requires a willing participant.
ANGELA:
Frank needs to let it out.
You gonna help me out?
- I'll try.
CALLIE: We decoded a secret message
from Dr. Burelli to Gloria,
and it mentioned an experiment
called Project Midnight
that happened in a place
called The Sleep Room.
FRANK: There was a kid in my vision.
Burelli had him strapped to a chair.
She was experimenting on him
with some strange machine.
That's got to be the Shadow Man.
- The Sleep Room's at Rosegrave.
They were experimenting on students!
- Shh!
BOTH:
What?
[tape hissing]
[door opens]
♪
CALLIE [on tape]: What...
PHIL [on tape]: Is that... What is that?
BIFF [on tape]:
Shh... Nothing.
CHET [on tape]:
You know what? I'm beat.
JOE [on tape]:
Yeah. Let-let's call it a night.
[footsteps on tape]
FRANK: Someone was listening?
CALLIE: You think they heard us...
PHIL [louder]:
I think we have to assume so.
JOE: They heard that.
They heard everything. They--
FRANK: Keep your voice down.
CALLIE: We should be out of range.
- How do we know who planted it?
- Wasn't JB up here?
- JB wouldn't plant a bug on us.
- What if Stratemeyer made him do it?
- We need to get rid of it.
JOE: No, if we get rid of it,
whoever's using it will know.
- We could use it against them.
FRANK: How?
JOE:
I don't know! I'm freaking out right now!
FRANK: I don't... think that we're gonna
figure this out tonight.
JOE:
Okay, fine. We, uh, sleep on it,
regroup in the morning. Okay?
PHIL:
Okay.
- Oh, uh, Chet, you need a lift?
- No, I'm good. I'm gonna walk.
I just forgot my jacket up there.
- Okay.
♪
- Angela, it's Chet.
Call the phone at Wilt's in 20 minutes.
Gonna shake these guys.
Want to talk about Frank.
- Sounds good.
[door shuts]
- Well? I'm waiting!
- I did something I'm not proud of.
Trying to make up for it.
- For what, Dad?
Let's start at the beginning.
- My first year with Stratemeyer.
I helped cover up a failed R&D experiment
called Project Midnight.
Dr. Vivian Burelli was running it.
I was told to collect her files,
but she said she already destroyed them.
I don't have all the details.
I was too junior, but...
Burelli was experimenting on kids.
One of them ended up catatonic.
- Like Dennis Gilroy?
- When Dennis turned up like that,
I called Burelli.
I thought she was trying
to restart the experiment.
She swore she wasn't, that she couldn't,
but she came to Bridgeport to check
on Dennis. That's when she told me.
She still had all her Midnight files.
- She never got rid of them.
- She put them in a storage locker
as an insurance policy.
I tried to convince her to hand
them over, but she refused.
Then tonight, she called to me.
♪
- Well, what changed her mind?
- I don't know.
I don't know what happened on that bridge,
and I don't know where she is.
[sighs]
[rattling]
But, I found this in her car.
- The key to her storage locker.
♪
If you find what you need
to expose Stratemeyer,
what happens to you?
You helped cover up Project Midnight, Dad.
- I know.
I know.
And I'm prepared to deal
with my consequences.
I need to see what's in that locker.
[phone ringing]
[footsteps]
[ringing]
♪
- I knew it was you.
- Smart kid.
Why all the cloak and dagger?
- I'm going to give you Frank.
But I need assurances.
- Such as?
- No one gets hurt.
- Deal.
- No, I want to look you in the eye.
- Fine. Come by the motel
and take a gander.
- No. Somewhere public.
Meet me here tomorrow at noon.
- You got it, cowboy.
[hangs up]
[sighs]
♪
- Well?
- She went for it.
Looks like you got yourselves
a double agent.
♪ theme song ♪
♪
BELINDA:
Alright. What are we looking for?
- Something that connects Project Midnight
to Stratemeyer Global.
Test results, psych profiles,
maybe even names of the subjects.
- You mean the victims? [sighs]
Why'd you help cover it up
in the first place?
- [sighs] I did what I was told to do.
Didn't know how bad it was
until I was already in it.
- Should've gotten out of it.
- I was young, Belinda.
I had a family, a house.
There was so much to lose.
So, I just tried to forget.
- Could you?
- Some days.
Mostly, I just got used to living with it.
- And now, you're helping
them find The Eye.
- No.
I'm using them
to find The Eye, so I can destroy it.
No one should have that power.
- Must make you dizzy,
trying to keep your stories straight.
- I never set out to lie to you.
It just happened with everything else.
I'm sorry.
BELINDA:
Look! Midnight!
♪
BRIAN:
Yes. Okay. Alright.
[sighs] Damn it.
- Why would Burelli keep shredded notes?
- She must have shredded them
and had second thoughts.
We'll have to piece it back together.
- Seriously?
- Not here, though.
It's only a matter of time
before the cops find your car.
- You good?
- Yeah.
[quiet chatter]
- Dr. Burelli is from Dixon City.
She's only been in town a week.
Check her office and apartment,
talk to nurses, pull phone records.
I want to know who she's been
spending time with.
Where's my witness from last night?
- The mayor is over there.
He is not happy.
- Let's find out
what he was doing here.
♪
[electronic tone wavering]
- That's the last of it.
[click, tone stops]
We're in the clear.
- No more bugs.
- No. The radio would have
caught the frequency
and created a feedback loop.
No loops, no bugs.
- Cool trick.
- Was that a compliment?
- I'm a genius. You're welcome.
I think it's a code.
- What are you talking about?
- The calligraphy on the scroll.
I thought it was some weird language,
but I think it's a code.
Can I please get a crack at this?
- Uh, yeah, knock yourself out.
- The bug is still live up there,
so zip it.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Okay, Joe.
So, the easiest way
to kill the listening device
is to tamper with the metal contacts
like these ones in my radio.
If you switch these two wires,
no continuity. It's dead as a doornail.
- I still don't get it.
Why are you sneaking into Angela's motel
to kill the recording equipment?
The bug is here, right now, upstairs.
- This is the only way.
- Mm, except it isn't, though, is it?
Because we could flush the bug.
We could smash it with a hammer.
We could sell the lamp at a yard sale.
There are literally so many
other ways to deal with it.
- Why are you even still here?
You should be halfway to Rosegrave by now.
Okay, just deal with Project Midnight,
and let me and Chet
handle those goobers at Stratemeyer.
- You are taking unnecessary risks.
- I'm gonna be fine.
- You're going to get caught!
- I'm not going to get caught!
Just find The Sleep Room already!
- Joe! Could you just--
- Frank!
- Guys, enough. Both of you. We gotta go.
Put this on.
How do we look?
- You look like a couple of dorks.
JOE:
You'll fit right in.
- Be careful.
- You, too.
[birds chirping outside]
[door shuts]
- Wouldn't it just be easier to tell Frank
what you're really up to?
- No.
He can't know anything. Not yet.
♪
Have fun at school.
- Have fun faking sick. Good luck with JB.
- The last thing this town
needs is another scandal!
In an election year?
This is Bridgeport!
Where friends meet.
Not where friends go catatonic and explode
and throw each other off bridges!
- How do you know she was thrown?
[Mayor scoffs]
- You don't trip off a bridge, Deputy.
You jump or you're thrown.
- Why don't you tell me what you saw
last night when you... happened by?
[radio chatter]
- It was dark.
I couldn't see anyone,
but I did hear a vehicle,
and then I saw it drive right by me.
Rather recklessly, I might add.
Uh, bright yellow pickup truck.
- You see a driver or get a plate?
- It's a big yellow truck.
How many could there be?
- Well, it's a good thing
you were here last night.
Otherwise, we might not
have anything to go on.
- Yes. It's as if the mayor has to
patrol the streets himself
to stop an incompetent police department
from bungling investigations.
I'd hate to see you
embarrassed in the media
over your mishandling of everything.
I want a suspect in custody
by the end of the day.
Get me the driver of that truck.
[scoffs]
- Yes, sir.
♪
[hall chatter]
- Mr. Munder!
- Mr. Cohen.
- Uh, can you help me out with something?
- Hm.
Doesn't look like computer code.
- No, I think it's code-code.
You mentioned crib ciphers
and enigma machines last week, so
I figured you'd be into this kinda thing.
- What do you know?
Someone's paying attention.
Let me see it.
[sighs]
Could be a pigpen cipher.
- Pigpen. W-what's that?
- I have to get to class,
Mr. Cohen, but I think
there's a code-breaking book
in the library you can use.
- Okay, okay. Thank you.
♪
[sighs]
[door opens]
- Hey, so we doing this or what?
- Just give me a minute.
Think I'm on to something.
- It's almost noon. We got to go.
- Would you relax?
I'm the one who has to go
into the belly of the beast
and get all this secret intel.
You just got to have lunch.
- Yeah, with a psycho.
- You're going to be fine.
Here. Come here. What do you see?
- "Joey. Sorry, I didn't stick around,
"but things got a little hairy
in Bridgeport.
I'll be happy if I never see The Eye..."
What is this?
- It's from JB. I'm trying to
find the right frequency
to reach him on the radio he left me.
[laughs]
- Looks like it was written
by a 5-year-old.
Look at the way spelled "needs."
- Exactly!
And all these random capital letters!
What if they're not so random?
Well, if you're looking for frequencies,
these three together make megahertz.
- Okay, but what if you take
all the capital letters,
turn them into numbers?
CHET:
Okay, well, B is 2,
D is 4,
uh, E is 5,
F is 6, and G is 7.
Wait, wait, wait! Hold up! He did
underline a period between D and E.
- 24.567 megahertz.
[radio static, music]
Still?
- What do you mean still?
[sighs]
- I've tried every frequency already.
This was playing last time, too.
[indistinct singing]
- Okay, so either JB left his stereo on
or he's purposely jamming the line.
♪ "867-5309/Jenny" by Tommy Tutone ♪
- It's a security measure.
If you tune in randomly,
you just get a fun little song,
but if you're trying to contact JB--
- You call the number.
- Yes! No! No, it's not...
It's not a local number.
You need an area code.
There's gotta be a clue somewhere.
♪ 867-5309 ♪
♪ 867-5309! ♪
♪ 867-5309... ♪
♪ I got it, I got it, I got it ♪
♪ I got your number on the wall... ♪
- C-c-can we go now? W-we gotta go.
- Damn it!
- We gotta go.
- We're so close!
- Yeah, but we got to go, okay?
♪ song plays louder ♪
♪ 867-5309 ♪
♪ 5309 ♪
♪ 867-5309... ♪
- Okay. Um...
Keep your head down and try to blend in.
These blazers will work from a distance,
but if anyone gets too close,
we're in trouble.
- Not exactly how you saw yourself
attending your dream school, huh?
- Yeah, no. The more
I learn about Rosegrave,
the more it feels like a nightmare.
- Man, look at these kids.
[bell chiming]
Think they know what really goes on here,
that this place is just a recruiting
ground for The Circle of The Eye?
- Why would they? They're just pawns
in the game, like we were.
- Hey, you know that I would
have gone and seen my grandma
if it meant you getting into prep school.
You know that, right?
- Yeah. I do now.
[both laugh]
- Okay, wh-where's the chapel?
- Uh, it's in there, but we're not
going to the chapel.
- So, what, you think my vision
was just, like, a beacon,
pointing us in the right direction?
- Exactly. We're looking
for something near the chapel,
something built or modified
around the same time as Project Midnight.
- You think the library would have
any of those architectural plans
or engineering blueprints?
- No. The archive does.
♪
[classroom chatter]
- So, how's Dennis?
- He's better.
- That's good.
- Totally.
Where's Joe?
- He's sick today.
- Oh.
Do you think
he'll be better for the dance?
- Yeah, I think he'll pull through.
- [sighs] This isn't working!
- Maybe you're not doing it right.
- No, I'm doing exactly what
the book's telling me to do.
The lines in the grids--
- Put it away, Phil.
- Yup. Sorry.
The lines in the grids
should translate to letters
based off their shape.
It's actually pretty simple
once you get the hang of it,
but the letters aren't translating
to words. It makes no sense.
- You can have it back after class.
- Oh no, I'll put it away now.
KANE: No, I'm gonna take it
to help you focus on the assignment.
- For the record,
decorations for the dance isn't art.
It's arts and crafts.
It's just pointless busy work, actually.
- Okay, well, now you can have
it back after detention.
- N--
- Okay, um...
Blueprints should be somewhere in here.
♪
- Think it's filed under "creepy room"
or "illegal experiment"?
[laughs]
- What are we looking for, guys?
[shuts, locks door]
- What are you doing here?
- Could ask you the same thing,
- but I don't really care.
I just need to borrow
these big, strong arms
of yours for one minute.
You don't mind, do you, sweetheart?
- Who are you?
- I'm JB Cox.
Very cute blazers, guys.
You're doing great.
I scoped it out earlier, and I need
your help getting to this desk over here.
[eerie distortions]
[sighs]
CALLIE: What is it?
- That's George Estabrook's desk.
- Last I checked,
it was Dean McFarlane's. [sighs]
I guess the new headmistress
wasn't into the...
"brooding and garish" style.
You should help me flip it.
This thing weighs, like, a million pounds.
- What are you stealing?
- I am stealing...
whatever...
[knocking]
Is in this compartment.
Grab a corner.
- Why would I help you? You bugged
my attic for Stratemeyer Global.
- Come on, Frank.
That wasn't personal, buddy.
And, to be fair,
I gave you plenty of warnings,
and you chose not to listen.
Now, are you gonna help me
tip this thing over,
or do I have to loudly smash it open
and draw a lot of attention to two kids
who clearly don't want
a lot of attention right now?
Yeah, sure. Take your time.
- Look, I don't think it's any coincidence
that he's here right now.
I think we need to find out
what's in that desk.
- Fine. You do that.
I'll get the blueprints.
♪
[deli chatter]
♪ radio ♪
[door opens, bell rings]
- Chet Martin. Just the young man
I'm looking for.
Mind if I join you for a minute.
- Am I in trouble?
WILT: Here's your usual, Deputy.
- Thanks.
Sure hope not.
Someone saw your truck
going pretty fast
up near Shoreline Bridge late last night.
I'm just curious
what you're doing up there.
- I wasn't up there.
- Can anyone confirm that?
ANGELA:
I can.
[door shuts, bell rings]
Angela Todd, Stratemeyer Global.
Nice to meet you, Deputy.
- You two were together last night?
And you're together now.
That's convenient.
What was the nature of your rendezvous?
- I'm going to advise Chet
to stop answering your questions now.
Unless you'd like to call his parents.
Or maybe I can call in
one of my big fancy lawyers.
- I just want to know
who was driving his truck.
- What Deputy Riley's not telling you
is that there was
an incident on the bridge,
and a woman ended up dead.
- Wait, what?
- Don't worry, it wasn't Belinda.
- Okay, then who was it?
- Dr. Vivian Burelli.
Hasn't made the news yet,
but the rumor mill in this town
is quite impressive.
- So it seems.
I'm going to run down some other leads.
If we need to talk again,
we'll make it official.
[door bell ringing]
- That was fun...
[door shuts]
but that's not why
you called me down here.
What else can I do for you today, Chet?
[door knob rattles]
♪
[clicking]
[squeaking]
[click]
[buzzing]
[metal rattling in other room]
♪
[heavy breathing]
[grunts]
[handcuffs rattling]
[muffled yell, heavy breathing]
[shushing]
- Hey, hey, hey.
Do you hear that sound?
♪
It's the sound of the tables turning.
[rips tape]
[grunts, panting]
What happened?
- You need to get me out of here.
- Why? So you can kidnap me again?
- Kid, listen. Listen to me.
I was never going to hurt you.
Okay? The key's in the desk.
You gotta hurry.
- Who did this?
- Angela. Get the keys, kid.
- Why'd she betray you?
- We saw you on the beach.
We know The Eye's in your brother.
Angela's making a play for herself.
She didn't want anyone else to know.
- Should we get to it so we can
get out of here faster?
You said something about assurances.
- What happens when you get the power?
- I'm going to sell it.
I have zero interest
in some mystical moon rock
that's going to mess with my mind.
But, there are a lot of other
people who'd kill for that.
They'll pay top dollar.
- Wait, so,
you've been cuffed to this
bathtub for the past two days?
You-you weren't
at the hospital last night?
You didn't try and run me over
in the parking garage?
- What the hell are you talking about?
We don't have time for this!
She can be back any minute!
You let me go, and I can stop her.
I work for your grandmother.
I'm loyal to Gloria.
- That's not exactly a selling point.
- So, that's what it's
all about for you. Money.
♪
- If I were you,
I'd care a lot less about
what I'm gonna do with The Eye
and a lot more about
the safety of your friends.
- No, you just promised me
you wouldn't hurt Frank.
- And I won't.
But if you don't convince him to come in,
I might have to hurt someone
he cares about.
Or someone you care about.
You have till tomorrow night.
[door opens, bell rings]
- Okay, look, maybe we can make a trade.
You get me the answers I need,
and I get you out of those cuffs.
- Fine, fine.
W-what else you want to know?
- The tracking device. Where is it?
- Angela has it.
She always keeps it on her.
- And the relic?
- In a vault
at the docks.
Stratemeyer moved our
base operations there
after we packed up the chamber.
- Address.
- What, you think you just
sneak in there and get it?
- Address!
- Dockside Drive. Pier 37. Okay?
You got what you wanted.
Now, get the keys, and get me outta here!
- Just one more question.
Do you think I'm an idiot?
♪
- Kid, wait! Wait!
We had a deal!
We had a deal, you little punk!
Come back! Come back!
[birds chirping]
[thud]
JB: Ooh!
- You okay?
- Yeah, fine.
- She was talking to me.
What is that?
- This is a payday.
A huge payday.
See you around, Frank.
[rattling]
[grunts]
- Think it's built into the desk.
- Yeah, you think?
Thanks.
Okay, I can't take this thing with me...
Let's try to open it.
[sighs]
[clicking]
[distortions]
- Mustn't keep all my secrets
in one place.
[panting]
[clicking continues]
Okay, this is taking way too long.
Find a fire extinguisher.
I'm gonna smash it open.
YOUNG GEORGE: Come to the desk, Frank.
- No, no, no! Don't.
This desk belonged to George Estabrook.
Probably rigged it to destroy whatever's
in here if it's tampered with.
[clicking]
- A little to the right.
Good. Now, to the left.
[clicking, sliding]
Forward. Back to the right.
- You can crack locks now?
- Now, push it until it clicks.
[clicking]
[rattling, sliding]
- Oh wow. Yeah, that's mine.
♪
"To GE. If you're looking
for the scroll, you're too late.
"I've taken it as leverage.
"If you come after me,
"I'll reveal your plan
to the rest of The Circle.
PM."
- Not exactly the payday
you were hoping for?
- Not quite.
- PM to GE.
It's Paul McFarlane to George Estabrook.
- Or Gloria.
Estabrook secrets run deep.
But, I suppose that means
Paul McFarlane has it now,
so I'm off to hunt him down.
[pats shoulder]
- Good luck with that.
Not gonna learn much.
- And why is that?
- He was murdered.
♪
- Is there anything else that
you're not telling me, Frank?
- Think I've got something!
It looks like there's a utility tunnel
that starts at the chapel.
- Where does it go?
- That's the weird part.
Nowhere. It ends right
in the middle of the quad.
And this blueprint is from the year
before Project Midnight even started.
- That's gotta be where The Sleep Room is.
You access through the chapel?
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait.
Sleep Room?
I thought that was just some urban legend
to keep kids
from roaming the halls at night.
- You were a Rosegrave student?
- Don't look so shocked.
This place is for the best
and brightest, right?
- You're, what, 26? 27?
That makes you the right age.
- For what?
- Revenge.
You were in town the night
Dennis disappeared and the night
he went catatonic.
You've been in Gloria Estabrook's house,
you saw her alarm system,
and you saw the crystals.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- Sure you do.
[nervous laugh]
Shadow Man.
- Good luck with your Sleep Room.
♪
FRANK [quietly]:
Hey, hey, hey!
You were in Bridgeport last night,
weren't you?
- Get your hands off me, Frank.
- You tried to run down Joe, and then you
went after Dennis again. What do you wan--
- I don't even know who Dennis is,
and I would never hurt Joe.
But you, on the other hand--
PROFESSOR: Hey! You there!
Did I just see you
come out of the archives?
That area is off-limits to students.
- [whispers]: Just be cool.
- Hi. You're so right, Professor,
I'm the new groundskeeper here.
It's nice to meet you.
I found these two...
snooping... around the archives,
and I'm no expert,
but based on their uniforms,
I would say that they
don't exactly go here.
- Come with me, you two.
♪
Stop!
CHET:
So, you just left him there?
What's the point of sneaking in
if you leave a witness?
- What was I supposed to do, kill him?
I mean, I couldn't let him go.
I made a call.
- Yeah, a bad call. You could've
just called the cops, problem solved.
- I didn't think about that.
In the moment.
Okay-- Whatever! I was too busy
getting the intel that we needed.
- You need to figure out
how to get ahold of JB fast.
Otherwise, I'm gonna have
to hand Frank over to Angela,
so she doesn't hurt any of us.
And I don't want that.
Believe me, I really don't want that.
- Wait, where are you going?
We just got here.
- Belinda's.
I've been calling her all day.
She hasn't answered.
I'm getting worried.
See you later.
[door opens, shuts]
[Belinda sighs]
- This is hopeless!
BRIAN: It's not hopeless.
It's a puzzle. We just have to find
the equivalent of a corner piece
to start with.
- Yeah, well,
I start puzzles in the middle.
- I know, and it drives me nuts.
[paper rustling]
[sighs, gasps]
BELINDA: What about this?
Looks like a coffee stain.
- Let me see.
Yes! That's perfect! Look for more.
[rustling]
- It's only gonna give us one page though.
- Well, maybe one's all we need.
[knocking]
[both stammering]
[rustling]
Make sure you get
the stuff on the floor.
[shuts room door]
DEPUTY RILEY:
Mr. Conrad, can I come in?
- Of course. Afternoon, Deputy.
- Mr. Conrad,
I've got a couple of questions
about the yellow truck
parked in your driveway.
Belongs to Chet Morton.
Correct?
BRIAN: That's correct.
- Were either you or your
daughter driving it last night?
- I was.
- I see. And how do you know
Dr. Vivian Burelli?
- We met through work about 10 years ago.
Why? What's this all about?
- Dr. Burelli was found dead this morning.
Seems the last thing she did
was call your pager
and drive to the Shoreline Bridge,
where Chet's truck was spotted,
which you were driving. Right?
I'm thinking we should
head down to the station.
- No, wait! Are-are you arresting him?
- We're just going to talk.
- You can't. He didn't do anything!
- Belinda, stop.
♪
Don't worry.
I'm happy to answer questions.
It's going to be okay.
I'll be home soon.
In the meantime...
do a puzzle or something to pass the time.
[sighs]
Yeah.
[door shuts]
[radio static]
[static continues]
ANGELA:
Who was it?
- The younger brother.
- Makes sense. Did he buy it?
- I was pretty convincing.
- Well, in that case,
I'm very glad
I didn't kill you before now.
- Before now?
We had a deal!
- I just really thought
he was going to let you go.
[heavy breathing]
Oh well.
I guess people are full of surprises.
[cocks gun]
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
[gunshot]
♪
[door shuts]
- I think we lost him.
- So, where's this door?
- Uh,
the tunnel starts on the north side
of the quad, so, um, that way.
Come. Come, come, come.
- I've seen all this before.
The staircase has to be
around here somewhere.
- Frank! Here.
[both panting]
[door creaks open]
[door creaks shut]
[sighs] It's a dead end.
- There's no way.
There's got to be something else.
- Um... Door...
[muttering]
- Oh man...
- Okay, let me see...
[Frank panting]
FRANK:
Callie, look. It's The Circle of The Eye.
[click]
[creaking]
[creaks shut]
[air whooshing]
[lights buzzing]
♪
[buzzing intensifies]
[lights clicking on]
- What do you think happened here?
- Nothing good.
Just being in here is making the hairs
on the back of my neck stand up.
- Well, it's not just the creep factor.
There's a ton of static in here.
[zap]
Oh!
We must be right under the chapel now.
♪
Frank? Frank!
[distorted noises]
[clattering]
[gasps] Oh my god...
[Frank hyperventilating]
[heavy breathing]
Frank! Frank! Frank!
[echoing]:
Frank!
♪
- Patient B is ready, Nurse Cody.
[high-pitched tone]
- What are you doing to my brother?
COUNTDOWN: 100... 93...
FRANK: Joe!
Joe, Joe, Joe! Snap out of it!
COUNTDOWN: 86... 79...
[alarm blaring]
- Joe, snap out of it!
[blaring]
- Get him outta here!
COUNTDOWN: 58...
51...
44...
- No! You can't do this! Stop! Stop!
- LAURA'S VOICE: Get him outta here!
[alarm blaring]
BOY: No! Frank! Frank! Frank!
[alarm gets faster, higher]
COUNTDOWN: 9... 2...
CALLIE: Frank! Frank! Frank!
Can you hear me?! Frank!
[panting]
You're okay! I got you. Breathe.
Breathe! Breathe. Breathe.
[panting]
I got you. Oh... You're okay.
[knocking]
PHIL: Hey, Mr. Munder.
- Looks like you're the only
delinquent today, Mr. Cohen.
- Okay, uh, Ms. Kane confiscated the,
uh, the cipher that I showed you earlier,
and I kind of need it back now.
- Come on, Phil.
What kind of teacher would I be
if I let you spend your detention
working on the thing
that earned you detention?
- The best kind?
[sighs]
- How far did you get on the code?
- [soft laugh] Well, not very far.
The pigpen cipher wasn't working.
- Oh, well, of course.
Now that I'm looking closer,
it's Zelian Code.
- It's alien code?!
- Not alien. Zelian.
It's based on the pigpen cipher,
but it's far more advanced.
- What happened to your wrist, sir?
- Oh, this.
Well, when the bomb went off at
the parade, I tripped and cut myself.
Four stitches. I'll live. So,
the letters in the code are created
by the lines of the grid that surround it.
But, rather than simple
straight lines and dots...
♪
...the letters are written like cursive.
With curved lines
and personal flourishes
from the coder himself,
or herself, Mr. Cohen.
This first symbol...
is actually three letters.
Hm.
Do you know who coded this?
- No, not at all.
- Ah, well, that's alright.
We'll figure it out anyway.
Okay, so the first letter
has an upper, right,
and lower wall,
and a dot in the upper left-hand corner.
So, that makes it a...
- Does it make it a T?
- That's right.
According to the cipher,
that next symbol becomes an H.
What about the last one?
- Okay, so it's a three-letter word.
T-H...
E. It has to be "the."
Is it "the"? It's "the"!
- Pretty good. Pretty good.
He's pretty good.
Crack the next one.
♪
- When I touched you, it...
was like an electric shock.
And I got a glimpse into your vision.
It was only 10 seconds of it,
and I'm still shaking.
If that's what you've been
dealing with this whole time,
you need to see a doctor.
- And tell them what, Callie?
There's magic inside me?
That's making me hallucinate dead people
and see through time?
It's a one-way ticket to the asylum.
I'm just trying to remember.
I saw Joe in the chair...
and this time, when the light was on him,
he turned into the other kid.
Burelli called him Patient B.
- Did you see anything else
that could help identify him?
- Well, maybe.
When the kid was at the door he was, uh,
he was wearing a Rosegrave blazer.
His tie had a gold pin on it.
- A pin? Like a school pin?
- Yeah, yeah. It, uh, it was an eagle
with a hatchet in its claws--
- The eagle and the hatchet.
It's Rosegrave's Latin club pin.
- We need to find a yearbook
from back then.
If we can find the boy in the Latin club,
we can ID the Shadow Man.
[knocking]
♪
- Hey.
- Uh, what are you doing here?
- Biff said you weren't feeling well,
so I brought you some soup.
It's kind of lame, but--
- No, no, it's great. It's great.
Thank you.
- You look good.
- So do you.
♪
Oh, because I-- because I was sick!
No. Um...
I'm not actually sick.
I was faking it.
- Oh. That's good.
Are you home alone right now?
Yeah. I mean,
Biff usually goes
to the hospital after school.
Phil comes around sometimes,
but he's probably got, like,
sea cadets or something.
- Actually, he's in detention
with Mr. Munder
because he freaked out on
Ms. Kane over dance decorations.
[soft laughing]
- Uh, do you want some soup or--
Uh, h-how's Dennis doing?
- Oh, he's good.
I didn't get to properly thank you
for what you did for him.
No one knows you saved his life, but...
I'll never forget it.
I owe you one.
[kiss]
♪
- I owe you one. That's it! You idiot!
- What?
- Not you, me.
It's the area code!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, no, I'm good. I'm good. I'm great.
Okay, I-O-U-1.
One for long distance,
so in reverse order, U-O-I...
867-5309.
[dial tone]
WOMAN [on recording]:
This is Jenny at Brixton Casino.
Leave a message, and I'll get back to you.
[beep]
- Oh! Hi, Jenny.
It's Joe. Long time, no see.
You know, for someone who owes me a favor,
you're making it awfully hard to collect.
But I'm glad that
you're working at a casino
because I'm cashing in my chit.
[quietly]:
Also, if this is a woman named Jenny,
please disregard. Bye.
[quiet muttering]
- 76. Got it.
[sighs]
Astronomy,
chess...
[Frank sniffs, sighs]
- history... Latin.
Does anyone look familiar?
FRANK:
That's him. That's Patient B
from my vision.
CALLIE:
No way. "A. Munder."
But, that would mean...
FRANK: We gotta call Joe.
♪
- "The vessel is the power."
Hm... What does that mean?
- Good question.
[hallway chatter]
Where did you say you got this again?
♪
- So,
are you going to the dance on Friday?
- I haven't really thought about it.
Are-are you going?
- I'm not sure yet.
Just trying to figure out
who's going to be there.
- Right.
[phone ringing]
That's gotta be JB.
[clang]
It's about time.
- Joe, it's Munder!
- What?
- Mr. Munder is the Shadow Man.
Okay, he went to Rosegrave.
He's in my vision. Me and Callie
saw his photo in the yearbook.
- Phil's with Munder
in detention right now.
- Okay, we're on our way back.
Don't do anything rash!
[clang]
- Come on, we got to go!
- Let me guess. He's doing something rash?
- What else is new?
♪
[inaudible]
[door creaks]
[door shuts]
- Whoa! What are you doing?
- Sorry, sorry.
- We thought you were catatonic.
- I was concentrating! Oh my god!
Why would you think that?
- Where's Munder?
- Munder? I don't know. Detention's over.
He probably went home. Why?
- [sighs] Come on. Let's go.
- You almost gave me a heart attack.
[door opens, shuts]
♪
JOE:
You sure this is Mr. Munder's house?
PHIL: Yeah, he's been on
my paper route for a while.
[brakes squeak]
[bikes clatter]
- Okay, we gotta go inside.
- No, no. We need to call the police.
- No! No, this is our case.
We're this close! Need to make
sure we get him on tape.
- Alright.
- Guys, look.
The door is open.
[door creaking]
♪
PHIL:
Mr. Munder!
[floor creaking]
- Look, we know you're trying
to restart Project Midnight.
Just give yourself up. It's over.
[creaking continues]
LUCY:
Guys? Back here!
♪
[floor creaking]
PHIL:
Oh my god. He's catatonic.
♪
CALLIE:
How you feeling?
- I'm okay. I just want to get back.
- I don't think you can handle
any more visions like that.
- I'm fine, Cal. Okay? I promise.
♪
[sighs]
[gurney wheels rattling]
[radio chatter]
- Mr. Munder knew something.
- What makes you think that?
- Frank saw him
at Rosegrave in The Sleep Room.
Someone's tying up loose ends.
I just don't get it. Frank was so sure.
Even with the power of The Eye in him...
[sighs] we have no idea who we're chasing.
And The Eye's not helping.
[insects chirping]
[police radio chatter]
You okay?
- No.
[chatter continues]
Whoever did this is still out there.
If Mr. Munder is not the Shadow Man...
then who is?
♪ "Shoot out the Lights"
by Richard & Linda Thompson ♪
♪ In the dark, who can see his face? ♪
♪ In the dark, who can reach him? ♪
♪ He hides like a child ♪
♪ Keeps his finger on the trigger ♪
♪ You know he can't stand the day ♪
♪ Shoot out the lights ♪
[footsteps]
JB:
Hey, Joey.
- Jenny.
I see you got my message.
- Of course.
I mean, why else would I be here?
I owe you one.
Right?
♪ Shoot out the lights ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ As he watches the lights of the city ♪
♪ And he moves through the night ♪
♪ Shoot out the lights... ♪